in this section will move on to look at importing XML into Microsoft Excel worksheets.
So we now working in 03 XL the next time l and let's begin by going into number one
important XML into Excel.
Yes,
the XML file that we are going to be important.
So let's begin by having a look at the structure of the file,
you'll see that it contains a root element called courses and then inside this route
element,
we have a repeated element called course,
and the child elements off the course element contained the actual data that we want to
import.
This simple three level structure is the ideal format that you need whenever you want to
import XML into Microsoft Excel.
So obviously you have the obligatory root element,
and then you have a repeated element,
and each of these repetitions will become a road within an Excel table,
and the column headings of the table are provided by these troubled elements.
So each of these repeated elements has exactly the same child elements in the same order,
and that's very important.
If the schemer permitted different child elements for each of the repeating course elements
,
then the important to excel wouldn't be successful.
It's very important that the scheme a document defines the child of the repeated elements
as the sequence.
In other words,
each of these child elements must occur,
and they must occur in a particular order.
Let's have a look at the schema document.
How that specified.
So let's open courses that access D.
So here we have the definition off the root element courses on because it contains other
elements.
It's defined as a complex time,
and it's child element is defined as a sequence.
So it's a sequence of one child element,
which can repeat as many times as necessary.
And here's the child element cause.
This is one that repeats and these repetitions air specified.
Using the max occurs attribute,
which is set to unbounded the men occurs,
attributes defaults toe one,
which means effectively that the course element must occur at least ones,
but it can occur an unlimited number of times,
and then the course element is itself a complex type because it contains child elements.
These child elements are sequence and you'll notice that none of them has a max occurs.
So the default for of men occurs and Mexico's is one.
So this means if you admit both Max and Mina occurs,
each of these elements must occur once and only ones,
and because they are part of a sequence,
they must occur in the order specified within the scheme of document.
So that's the structure will be imported.
Let's now have a look at the process.
So number one important XML into excel that's open up courses of XLs X.
And here we've got a workbook that contains a single worksheet,
and we want to import that XML as a table within that worksheet excels.
XML commands are located on the developer tab,
so the first thing you need to do is to make sure you have the development and visible by
going to file options and then clicking on the customized ribbon category on the right hand
side of your screen.
You'll then see all the taps that are visible and available on to make developer visible.
You simply click in the track box next to his name.
When you click OK,
you'll find that you got a new tamp,
and when we go across to that town,
we have an XML group with all the XML commands.
So here we would click on import and then,
if necessary,
just navigate to the training folder and into 03 excellent XML and then number one
important XML into excel.
And then we simply double click to import the XML file on.
We obviously have a worksheet ready for the data were important.
So we import XML table into existed mark treat ment of specifying that the schemer document
should be used to verify and validate the XML.
We click on properties and here we switch on validated data against Schemer that important
export the properties that we're looking at our or a map and XML map,
which is the mechanism that excel uses to determine which part of an XML file corresponds
to which column within an excel table.
I will discuss XML Memphis in the next video.
So for the moment,
let's just click OK,
and then when we click OK,
again,
Excel goes ahead and imports all of the data.
And it's very easy to see the correspondence between the data that we've imported on the
original XML.
They've been back to our school schedule.
Here's the first row basically,
So we can see that the course name is advanced Web design.
We have a start date of the eighth off Jan and duration of war in the price of 900 on all
of these things weaken see,
replicated within the imported data.
The data is housed in an X old table.
So we could if we want to rename that data,
and we can also format the data within the table in any way,
that's convenient.
So,
for example,
the start date is held in the standard XML date time format.
We wanted to look a bit more familiar.
We could just change it to the Standard Excel short date format.
And,
of course,
if we were to export this data from Excel,
Excel would be intelligent enough to convert it back into the standard XML daytime format.
The relationship between the XML File and the Excel table that we're looking at.
It's examined by this thing called an XML map.
So the development tab if you click on the source,
this displays the XML map,
and as I click on each of the individual elements,
we can see the correspondence between the various elements within the XML file and the
columns within the table.
So in the next video,
we'll talk a bit more about XML men and how they relate to the tables that house your
imported XML.